docs(README): update introduction paragraph (#63)
hsel-netsys/iceflow: README.md

This repository contains IceFlow, a stream processing library based on
Named-Data Networking (NDN) written in C++.

> Besides the actual library, a simple wordcount example application is included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the actual library, a simple word counting example application is included
```
As we're describing the functionality of the example, we should probably not just use the application name here.
